# CreativeAI

CreativeAI is a program that generates new text based on the previous works of skakeshear. This program tries to copy the writting style of shakespear by using a RNN model.

# EXAMPLE

The folliowing is one of the text generated by the model,

ROMEO:

How, manage said: diseased face. He is not so, Isabel, where is our king; and they shall thee so: I reconcile me, and tears Against a weakness To was a day.

SEBASTIAN: 

We are four deserves thee, when he will bear me leave him to or lizards' duke's officer. 
PETRUCHIO:

Truly, officer, 'Redime amber, plain Out, thou well Hollanders, is a truer courtesy, Peace or thou drink; More toward. And yet, virtue still his wife will and a warranted said our eyes to excuse my news, Thou'rt condemn'd: ginger durst not me. Go to: crest-fall'n she'll not get you, folly and to sow. 
LUCENTIO:

And Let him and his presence, Do you not fearful? and Son ship To serve I am not stay. His men hardly have no chattels; and big, the nights, and not his grow! O, this looks and have had some other portal of Gloucester, to furnish aside, and by thy queen: Have you have the king; and city, to your own battle also first, And give away his regiment: Were thus they are lucky, good bracelet, traitor hence comes in a puppet o' tears your jealous Paris on your leave, And your country's king, condemn'd by destroy. But only certain with and have some day.
KING LEWIS XI: 

She must fly being left forth with order says it not about mocked him. And I, Deceitful Warwick, shall not you lacks perforce.
KING RICHARD III: 

For her too rash: what can answer the crown, Old ho! Right.
ROMEO: 

Ay, marry, sir, as fair laws. Some will instructed. 
BAPTISTA:

Tut, Head, and curious officer. PETRUCHIO: I show'd to-day; This gentleman to bring favourable daughter; sour, And his intent and name Freshly are from the hedge, upon the rights, as foil Must I think, Third Servingman: See how I had any thing to-morrow.
LUCIO: 

Arise, 
PETRUCHIO:

My best brother with one bay. Beggars, not stumble. and Claudio? 
CLAUDIO: 

Ay, and fortune fear or froward puissant host; And if you, twelve Applaud the entertainer
SEBASTIAN:

O, if you you not answer me not. Pedant: Fortunate Sorrow and rap me your authority: if they speak not how stark daughter? 
TRANIO: 

Are you not try.
GREMIO:

Ay, Signior Gremio, now, God save think yourself the daughter: with a fault I think in Christendom But knowing him ere't be come from our abuse. 
